Exhibit 10.28 PRODUCT SALE AND MARKETING AGREEMENT THIS PRODUCT SALE AND MARKETING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made this 12th day of November, 2018 12th day of November, 2018 
(the "Effective Date"), by and between Calm.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having offices at 140 2nd Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105 (" a Delaware corporation, 
having offices at 140 2nd Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105 ("Calm") and XpresSpa Group, Inc. , a Delaware corporation, having offices at 780 Third Avenue, 12th Floor, 
New York, New York 10017 (" , a Delaware corporation, having offices at 780 Third Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10017 ("XSPA"). Each of Calm and XSPA may be referred to herein 
individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties". Calm and XSPA may be referred to herein individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties". RECITALS WHEREAS, Calm is 
the manufacturer and distributor of Calm branded products and services, including those set forth on Exhibit A (the "Products"); WHEREAS, XSPA is the owner, operator
and/or franchisor of XpresSpa branded stores (each a "Store") throughout the United States of America (the "Territory"); WHEREAS, Calm desires to increase its brand exposure in the Territory by 
collaborating with XSPA for the display, marketing, promotion, offer for sale and sale of Products at each Store in the Territory; and WHEREAS, XSPA desires to collaborate with Calm in connection with the 
display, marketing, promotion, offer for sale and sale of Products at each Store in the Territory in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing 
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 1. Term. Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of
Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term"). Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for 
successive terms of six (6) months (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless written notice is given by either Party no later than thirty (30) days in advance of the expiration of 
the Initial Term or the applicable Renewal Term. Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of six (6) months (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term")
unless written notice is given by either Party no later than thirty (30) days in advance of the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Renewal Term. 2. Sale of Products. 2.01. XSPA shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to display, market, promote, offer for sale and sell the Products set forth on Exhibit A in all Stores throughout the Territory. The Products shall only be sold by XSPA at the retail price of the applicable Product as set 
forth on Exhibit A (the "Retail Price"). For the avoidance of doubt, the Retail Price for the Products at the Stores in the Territory (i) may only be modified by mutual agreement of the Parties, and (ii) does not include any discounts, 
promotions or applicable sales taxes. Source: XPRESSPA GROUP, INC., 10-K, 4/1/2019 2.02. In addition to the Products, Calm shall have the right to identify up to five (5) additional products, with such products and the price thereof to be 
mutually agreed by the Parties, to be displayed, marketed, promoted, offered for sale and sold in the Stores in the Territory. Calm shall have the right to identify up to five (5) additional products, with such products and the price thereof 
to be mutually agreed by the Parties, to be displayed, marketed, promoted, offered for sale and sold in the Stores in the Territory. Such products, once agreed on by both Parties and priced in accordance with the previous sentence, shall be deemed 
Products set forth on Exhibit A for the purposes of this Agreement. 3. Exclusivity and Right of First Refusal 3.01. Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, neither XSPA nor any of 
its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, offer for sale, market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep products (other than the Products), including online or in any Store in the Territory, without the express prior written 
consent of Calm. Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, neither XSPA nor any of its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, offer for sale, market or promote any digital 
meditation or digital sleep products (other than the Products), including online or in any Store in the Territory, without the express prior written consent of Calm. XSPA nor any of its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, offer for sale, 
market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep products (other than the Products), including online or in any Store in the Territory, without the express prior written consent of nor any of its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, 
offer for sale, market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep products (other than the Products), 
including online or in any Store in the Territory, without the express prior written consent of Calm. 3.02. Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months 
after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, neither Calm nor any of its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, offer for sale, market or 
promote any digital meditation or digital sleep products in any retail location located in an airport other than in collaboration with XSPA, without the express 
prior written consent of XSPA. Throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, neither Calm nor 
any of its affiliates shall, directly or indirectly, sell, offer for sale, market or promote any digital meditation or digital sleep products in any retail 
location located in an airport other than in collaboration with XSPA, without the express prior written consent of XSPA.